Static analysis tool for determinism checking (#702)
temporalio/sdk-go: README.md

Most of the popular logging solutions have existing adapters in logur. If you're curious about which adapters are available, here is a helpful [link](https://github.com/logur?q=adapter-).

## Workflow determinism checker

> See (contrib/tools/workflowcheck)[contrib/tools/workflowcheck] for a tool to detect non-determinism in workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See (contrib/tools/workflowcheck)[contrib/tools/workflowcheck] for a tool to detect non-determinism in Workflow Definitions.
```

Author: Fixed
